+++
title = "About Me"
+++

# About Me

Hello there! Welcome to my domain. My name is Kent Delante and I am a 
self-taught developer. I have a passion for open source technology and
programming.

I build websites and mobile apps, especially on Android, with a focus on
intiuitive and beautiful design. Throughout my experience, I have learned the
importance of putting the user first and building the experience around their
expectations and needs towards interfacing with devices, be it on the desktop,
web or mobile.

## Skills

I build for both the web and mobile. I build desktop software too but focus 
less in this aspect.

When building for the web, I like to separate my skills between the front-end 
and the back-end. When building on the front-end, I use HTML, CSS and 
[Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) -- basically Javascript but with
stricter type checking. I make sure to design websites to be responsive, 
meaning can be viewed with reason on the desktop and mobile. And on the 
backend, I use [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org) on 
[Rails](https://rubyonrails.org), be it as part of a full stack or purely as a
[REST](https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer)
[API](https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/API) with 
[JSON](https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON) or 
[GraphQL](https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/GraphQL).

On mobile, I usually build for [Android](https://www.android.com) and use 
[Kotlin](https://www.kotlinlang.org), along with Google's suite of 
[Jetpack](https://developer.android.com/jetpack) libraries. When cross-platform is a 
concern, I use [Flutter](https://www.flutter.dev).

On the desktop, I prefer to build for 
[Linux](https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux) first and use the 
[GTK](https://www.gtk.org) library with C, [D](https://www.dlang.org) or 
[Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org). When building software for Linux, MacOS and
Windows, I use [QT](https://www.qt.io) with C++.

## Computing

### Operating System

As an advocate of open source, I use Fedora Workstation, an operating system
built with the Linux kernel, GNU libraries, and the GNOME desktop environment.

